[ALL TESTS] Changelog for MLflow 1.28.0 (#6433)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.md

- [Pipelines] Add UI links to Runs and Models in Pipeline Step Cards on Databricks (#6294, @dbczumar)
- [Tracking] Introduce ``mlflow.search_experiments()`` API for searching experiments by name and by tags (#6333, @WeichenXu123; #6227, #6172, #6154, @harupy)
- [Tracking] Increase the maximum parameter value length supported by File and SQL backends to 500 characters (#6358, @johnyNJ)
- [Tracking] Introduce an ``--older-than`` flag to ``mlflow gc`` for removing runs based on deletion time (#6354, @Jason-CKY)
- [Tracking] Add ``MLFLOW_SQLALCHEMYSTORE_POOL_RECYCLE`` environment variable for recycling SQLAlchemy connections (#6344, @postrational)
- [UI] Display deeply nested runs in the Runs Table on the Experiment Page (#6065, @tospe)
- [UI] Add box plot visualization for metrics to the Compare Runs page (#6308, @ahlag)
- [UI] Display tags on the Compare Runs page (#6164, @CaioCavalcanti)
- [UI] Use scientific notation for axes when viewing metric plots in log scale (#6176, @RajezMariner)
- [UI] Add button to Metrics page for downloading metrics as CSV (#6048, @rafaelvp-db)
- [UI] Include NaN and +/- infinity values in plots on the Metrics page (#6422, @hubertzub-db)

> - [Tracking / Model Registry] Introduce environment variables to control retry behavior and timeouts for REST API requests (#5745, @peterdhansen)

Reviewer: Shall we allow whitespace in tag name ? Or use `Model-Registry` instead ?

Reviewer 2: We use "Model Registry" in the changelog :)

- [Models] Improve performance of Spark Model logging on Databricks (#6282, @bbarnes52)
- [Models] Include Pandas Series names in inferred model schemas (#6361, @RynoXLI)
- [Scoring] Make ``model_uri`` optional in ``mlflow models build-docker`` to support building generic model serving images (#6302, @harupy)
- [R] Support logging of NA and NaN parameter values (#6263, @nathaneastwood)

Bug fixes and documentation updates:

- [Pipelines] Improve scikit-learn regression pipeline latency by limiting dataset profiling to the first 100 columns (#6297, @sunishsheth2009)
- [Pipelines] Use ``xdg-open`` instead of ``open`` for viewing Pipeline results on Linux systems (#6326, @strangiato)
- [Pipelines] Fix a bug that skipped Step Card rendering in Jupyter Notebooks (#6378, @apurva-koti)
- [Tracking] Use the 401 HTTP response code in authorization failure REST API responses, instead of 500 (#6106, @balvisio)
- [Tracking] Correctly classify artifacts as files and directories when using Azure Blob Storage (#6237, @nerdinand)
- [Tracking] Fix a bug in the File backend that caused run metadata to be lost in the event of a failed write (#6388, @dbczumar)

> - [Tracking] Adjust ``mlflow.pyspark.ml.autolog()`` to only log model signatures for supported input / output datatypes (#6365, @harupy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tracking] Adjust ``mlflow.pyspark.ml.autolog()`` to only log model signatures for supported input / output data types (#6365, @harupy)
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed! Thanks!

> - [Tracking] Adjust ``mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()`` to log TensorFlow early stopping callback info when ``log_models=False`` (#6170, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tracking] Adjust ``mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()`` to log TensorFlow early stopping callback info when setting ``log_models=False`` (#6170, @WeichenXu123)
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed! :)
